documents pipelines-as-code-info configmap (#914)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/install/settings.md

  This will provide us to give extra IPS (ie: 127.0.0.1) or networks (127.0.0.0/16)
  separated by commas.

## Pipelines-As-Code Info
  

>   There are a few things which are exposed through a configmap which any authenticated user can access to know about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  There are a few settings exposed via a configmap which any authenticated user can access to know about
```

  Pipeline as Code.

* `version`
  
  The version of Pipelines As Code installed.

* `controller-url`

>   The controller url is set by `tkn pac bootstrap` command while setting up the GitHub App or if Pipelines as code is installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The controller URL as set by the `tkn pac bootstrap` command while setting up the GitHub App or if Pipelines as code is installed
```

>   using OpenShift Pipelines Operator then operator set the route created for the controller. This field is also used to detect controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  using OpenShift Pipelines Operator then the operator sets the route created for the controller. This field is also used to detect the controller
```

  url in `setup webhook` commands.

* `provider`

>   The provider is set to `GitHub App` by tkn pac bootstrap command and is used to detect if a GitHub App is already configured when user runs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The provider is set to `GitHub App` by tkn pac bootstrap command and is used to detect if a GitHub App is already configured when a user runs the
```

>   bootstrap command again or setup github-webhook command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  bootstrap command a second time or the `setup github-webhook` command.
```
